adjust sso, oauth, and scim layout (#8646)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/cloud-seats-and-users.md

### Manual configuration

To manually assign a specific type of license to a user on your team:
1. Click on your account name in the left side menu and select **Account settings**.
2. Navigate to the **Users** page in your **Account settings**. 
3. Select the user you want to manage and click the **Edit** button.

> 4. From this **User details** page, you can select the license type and relevant groups for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **User details** page, you can select the license type and relevant groups for the user.
```

**Note:** You will need to have an available license ready to allocate for the user. If your account does not have an available license to allocate, you will need to add more licenses to your plan to complete the license change.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/license-manual.png" width="55%" title="Manually assigning licenses"/>

### Mapped configuration <Lifecycle status="managed,managed_plus" /> 

If your account is connected to an Identity Provider (IdP) for [Single Sign On](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-overview), you can automatically map IdP user groups to specific license types in <Constant name="cloud" />. For SCIM-based license mapping with Okta, see [Automated license mapping](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-manage-user-licenses#automated-license-mapping).

#### Configure license mappings

1. Click on your account name in the left side menu and select **Account settings**.

> 2. Navigate to **Groups & Licenses** and scroll to the **License Mappings** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **Groups & Licenses** and scroll to the **License mappings** section.
```

3. Create or edit SSO mappings for both Read-Only and Developer license types.
4. Enter a comma-separated list of **IdP group names** that should receive each license type.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/license-mapping.png" width="65%" title="Configuring IdP group license mapping"/>

#### Fundamental licensing rules

> - Default assignment: All new members of a <Constant name="cloud" /> account are assigned a Developer license unless you configure otherwise.

Reviewer: Other pages that have fundamental licensing rules use bold:
```suggestion
- **Default assignment**: All new members of a <Constant name="cloud" /> account are assigned a Developer license unless you configure otherwise.
```

> - Mapping basis: License type mappings are based on _IdP groups_ (groups in your identity provider), not _<Constant name="cloud" /> groups_. Check group memberships in your IdP when configuring or troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mapping basis**: License type mappings are based on _IdP groups_ (groups in your identity provider), not _<Constant name="cloud" /> groups_. Check group memberships in your IdP when configuring or troubleshooting.
```

> - When changes take effect: License types are adjusted when users sign into <Constant name="cloud" /> via Single Sign On. Changes to license type mappings take effect the next time users sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **When changes take effect**: License types are adjusted when users sign into <Constant name="cloud" /> using single sign-on. Changes to license type mappings take effect the next time users sign in.
```

#### Mapping logic and precedence

When a user belongs to multiple IdP groups, the Developer license takes precedence. The following table shows how group membership determines the assigned license:

| In a Developer-mapped group? | In a Read-Only-mapped group? | License assigned |
|---|---|---|
| No | No | Developer (default) |

> | No | Yes | Read Only |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No | Yes | Read-Only |
```

| Yes | No | Developer |
| Yes | Yes | Developer (Developer takes precedence) |

:::note

> If a user's IdP groups do not match _any_ license type mappings, <Constant name="cloud" /> will assign a Developer license by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user's IdP groups do not match _any_ license type mappings, <Constant name="cloud" /> assigns a Developer license by default.
```

If your account is connected to an Identity Provider (IdP) for [Single Sign On](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-overview), you can automatically map IdP user groups to specific groups in <Constant name="cloud" /> and assign license types to those groups. To configure license mappings, navigate to the **Account Settings** > **Groups & Licenses** > **License Mappings** page. From here, you can create or edit SSO mappings for both Read-Only and Developer license types.

> :::important License mappings use IdP groups, not dbt groups

Author: added callout about idp groups for license mapping

Reviewer 2: I would add one more sentence to either the call out or steps above to clarify that they should add the IdP group names. Something like "Add the IdP groups to the license that group should be assigned"

Reviewer 2: actually, I see it below, never mind!
